+++
author = "Justin Horner"
title = "Happy new year!"
date = "2024-01-02"
description = "A high-level look at what I'm working on in 2024"
+++

This is a short article to share, at a high level, some of the work I’ve started for 2024 that will continue into 2025 and beyond. <!--more-->

## New Game Starting Development 
I'll start with what I believe will be the most exciting news. I'm in the early planning phase of a new single player action-adventure game that will begin development in Q2. All I can say is it's based on a well-known setting and will be developed using Unreal Engine 5. I know, it's not much to go on, but more details will come and you'll have a chance to sign up for more regular updates later.

## Game Development Education
Next, I'm building a new education platform designed specifically for teaching game dev concepts and skills. Unfortunately, I have to be vague for now with this one as well. I can tell you that the idea I have for this stems from a gap I've seen with popular online learning resource available.

## Return to Twitch
Not a project necessarily, but I'm excited to be returning to Twitch this year (01/08) to help you get started with game development! I'll be there to answer your questions while working on some interesting side projects. We'll be gaming every week as well. You can follow me at [https://twitch.tv/justinhhorner](https://twitch.tv/justinhhorner).

## Summary
I'll be blogging here to keep you up to date with progress on these projects, and provide helpful tutorials as well. I have considered cross publishing blog articles to other platforms like Medium and Dev.to, but frankly I don't want to waste my time scheduling and managing those.

That's all I can share for now. Thank you all for your continued support. 
Let's make things happen. 💪

Take care.  
Stay awesome.